[supply] Enable obb updating (#14269)
fastlane/fastlane: fastlane/lib/fastlane/actions/docs/upload_to_play_store.md

fastlane supply --apk path/app.apk --track rollout --rollout 0.5
```

### Expansion files (`.obb`)

Expansion files (obbs) found under the same directory as your APK will also be uploaded together with your APK as long as:

- they are identified as type 'main' or 'patch' (by containing 'main' or 'patch' in their file name)
- you have at most one of each type

If you only want to update the APK, but keep the expansion files from the previous version on Google Play use

```no-highlight

> fastlane supply --apk path/app.apk --obb_main_references_version version --obb_main_file_size size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fastlane supply --apk path/app.apk --obb_main_references_version 21 --obb_main_file_size 666154207
```

```

or

```no-highlight

> fastlane supply --apk path/app.apk --obb_patch_references_version version --obb_patch_file_size size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fastlane supply --apk path/app.apk --obb_patch_references_version 21 --obb_main_file_size 666154207
```

```

> Example:

Reviewer: And remove this whole example to keep it shorter then.

Author: Example removed, used values instead of variables.

- they are identified as type 'main' or 'patch' (by containing 'main' or 'patch' in their file name)
- you have at most one of each type

> If you want only update expansion files from previous version on Google Play use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you _only_ want to update the expansion files on Google Play use
```

What did the `from previous version ` refer to here? Are you updating the previous version to a new one or are you uploading obb files from a previous version?

Author: It means user is uploading new APK without obb file but links this new APK to old obb (already uploaded in past with older APK).

Reviewer: So this would describe the situation then?

```suggestion
If you only want to update the APK, but keep the expansion files from the previous version on Google Play use
```

> If you want only update expansion files from previous version on Google Play use

Reviewer: As this now increases the information on obbs, can we add a headline in line 80 please?
```
### Expansion files (`.obb`)
```

```no-highlight

> fastlane supply --apk path/app.apk --obb_main_references_version version --obb_main_file_size size

Reviewer: Should `version` and `size` replaced by a real value here or is this the literal command that should be used?

Author: It should be replaced by real values, i.e. fastlane supply --apk path/app.apk --obb_main_references_version 21 --obb_main_file_size 666154207

Reviewer: Ok, I think you can just use these as sample values then as we usually just do it that way in the docs.

- they are identified as type 'main' or 'patch' (by containing 'main' or 'patch' in their file name)
- you have at most one of each type

> ### Expansion files (`.obb`)

Reviewer: That's wrong here, the lines above should also be covered by this headline.

Should I go in and make the changes myself?

Author: Updated
